Hey there fellow travellers, are you planning
your next big adventure but worried about
unexpected miss-haps that could run your
trip? Whether you are jotting off for a quick
business meeting or embarking on a long-
awaited vacation? ICICI Loard travel
insurance is your passport to peace of
mind. With a single trip and multi-trip
option, you can choose the perfect plan that
fits your needs and budget.
What makes ICICI Loard stand out from
the
rest for starters? We offer worldwide
cashless medical facility, so you don't have to worry about
paying upfront during a
medical emergency
abroad. Our travel insurance plan also
covers trip cancellations, lost and lost
baggage, and even provides reimbursement
for non-refundable prepaid payments if your
trip gets interrupted due to any serious
circumstances. And here's the best part: you don't even need to
undergo a medical checkup to
get instant
coverage. Just head over to ICICI Loard.  Visit our website
www.icicilombard.com
Compare plans Pay online and you're all
set for your next
adventure Secure your trip with ICICI
Lord Travel Insurance today and live with the
confidence that you are protected against
life uncertainties Remember with ICICI
Lord you're never alone on your trip Have a
happy journey